DOC-7123 APM sweep (#3783)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/understand-dependencies/understand-system-dependencies/service-maps/service-maps-apm.mdx

  - Understand dependencies
  - Understand system dependencies
  - Service maps

> metaDescription: 'How to create, customize, and use service maps in APM.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
metaDescription: How to create, customize, and use service maps in APM.
```
